Mu Guiying
Why don't you kneel down and beg me now if I'm happy
You can be merciful.
Help you intercede with three century princesses
Three new hints
I can consider giving up on you
How about Mu Guiying?
Stop pretending to be calm
Kneel down now
Shut your dog's mouth
Can you scold me and dare to kill you?
You two disgust me like a bullshit plaster
Provoke me until I've dealt with them all
I will use the identity of a princess
Send you to a place of extreme cold
I'll see if you two are still out of bullets by then
The game is about to start
irrelevant party
Leave quickly
Take my credit
If it misses
It would be great to ruin his nasty face
If you can really miss
Just shoot him with an arrow
Hahahahaha
Our country is the strongest in the world
Mu Guiying
I'd like to see what you win against me
Hahaha, or is your strategy more clever?
This contempt not only sweeps the building in the face
It also allows us to enter the building justifiably